Now of course here in this forum we can also show error messages when the input is invalid.
Now I'll not do it here for the title but I'll do it for the description because there it might be unclear
that one possible error source is that it's too long.
So here you're all at ion row and in that I enroll at a I in column and that column will of course receive
the same sizing asked column which holds the actual input.
And then here all add paragraph where say description must not be longer than 180 characters like that
and I want to show that row only if our description input is invalid and has been touched.
Now how do we get access to that grievously in the template driven approach.
We added a local reference to the control and assign it to energy model.
Well here in a reactive approach we already do have access to the entire form here on this forum property
and they offer in our template.
Here in NJ if I can just reach out to forum and now to get access to a specific control there is a get
method to which I pass the name of that control which here is description and then there I can access
valid and so on.
So here I can access valid and check if it's not valid.
Now of course I also want to make sure that the user had a chance to interact with the input.
Therefore all all the check if form gets description touched is true and now we can save that to see
whether that works as it reloads.
No error here but if I type in here and I click out of that now I see the error of course I also see
the error because I didn't enter anything here therefore maybe we should sharpen this message and we
say description must be between one and 180 characters and this should be clearer now a safe does again
we should have a better user experience because we show a useful message here.
If this is invalid let's also try breaking that one hundred and eighty characters.
Case here by just entering a lot of characters here and that looks good.
I did lose focus and yet it's and still it's invalid if I cleared us however an entry a shorter text
this works.
Now of course you can't add more error messages for example although to the price if you want to or
to the dates.
But I'll leave it like this and instead I want to have a look at this button.
Of course this button should only be principle when it is form is valid and otherwise it should be disabled.
Now this can be implemented in a relatively easy way because we have access to our form property year.
We can go up to that button and there I will simply set the disabled attribute again and I'll disable
this if form valid is false.
So if the form is not valid and that's all I don't care about anything else I can just check if the
entire form is valid or not.
And I do disable it button if it's not and then for now does buttons disabled as you can see.
But if I enter something here and here and I do choose valid dates here.
Now as I lose focus on the last date this becomes active that's done you off your form.
Obviously I'm not doing anything with the data we gather here will add this over the next lectures that
we actually store it as and later also centers to a server but being able to fetch the data is already
a great first step.
Now what about editing places though.
We got these places here we got this added button we got the added offer page but on that page we're
not doing anything so let's make sure that there we also load data about the place we select that here
and that were then able to edited.